By following the instructions below, you should have error-free, long-lasting floppy disks. 

Never leave diskettes in the disk drive, as data can leak out of the disk and corrode the inner
mechanics of the drive. Diskettes should be rolled up and stored in pencil holders.

Diskettes should be cleaned and waxed once a week. Microscopic metal particles can be removed 
by waving a powerful magnet over the surface of the disk. Any stubborn metallic shavings can be 
removed with scouring powder and soap. When waxing the diskettes, make sure the surface is even.
This will allow the diskette to spin faster, resulting in better access time.

Do not fold diskettes unless they do not fit into the drive. "Big" diskettes may be folded and
used in "little" disk drives.

Never insert a diskette into the drive upside down. The data can fall off the surface of the 
disk and jam the intricate mechanics of the drive.

Diskettes cannot be backed up by running them through the xerox machine. If your data is going 
to need to be backed up, simply insert two diskettes into the drive. Whenever you update a 
document, the data will be written on both diskettes.

Diskettes should not be inserted or removed from the drive while the red light is flashing. 
Doing so could result in smeared or possibly unreadable text. Occasionally the red light remains
flashing in what is known as a "hung" or "hooked" state. If your system is "hooking" you will 
probably need to insert a few coins before being allowed access to the slot.

If your diskette is full and you need more storage space, remove the disk from the drive and 
shake vigorously for 2 minutes. This will pack the data enough (Data Compression) to allow for 
more storage. Be sure to cover all the openings with scotch tape to prevent loss data.

Access time can be greatly improved by cutting more holes in the diskette jacket. This will 
provide more simultaneous access points to the disk.

Diskettes may be used as coasters for beverage glasses, provided that they are properly waxed 
beforehand. Be sure to wipe the diskettes dry before using. (see item 2 above)

Never use scissors and glue to manually edit documents. The data is stored much too small for 
the naked eye, and you may end up with data from some other document stuck in the middle of your 
document. Razor blades and scotch tape may be used, however, provided the user is equipped with 
an electron microscope.

Periodically spray diskettes with insecticide to prevent system bugs from spreading.