Golf Fatality  

A guy goes golfing with his girlfriend. As he tees off, she steps into ladies' teebox and gets 
hit in the head with his drive. She is pronounced D.O.A. and taken to the morgue. 
The coroner calls him in and says, "She definitely died from a blow to the head caused by the 
golf ball. But the only thing we can't understand is why was there a golf ball in her rectum?" 
"Oh," he replies, "that must have been my mulligan." 

 
Golf Genie  
A husband and wife, out enjoying a round of golf, were about to tee off on the third hole,which 
was lined with beautiful homes. The wife hit her shot and the ball began to slice -her shot was 
headed directly at a very large plate glass window. Much to her surprise, the ball smashed 
through the window and shattered it into a million pieces. 
They felt compelled to see what damage was done and drove off to see what happened. When they 
peeked inside the house, they found no one there. The husband called out and no one answered. 
Upon further investigation, they saw a small gentleman sitting on the couch with a turban on 
his head. 

The wife asked the man, "Do you live here?" 
"No, someone just hit a ball through the window, knocked over the vase you see there, freeing 
me from that little bottle. I am so grateful!" he answered. 
The wife asked, "Are you a genie?" 

"Oh, why yes I am. In fact, I am so grateful I will grant you two wishes, and the third I will 
keep for myself," the man replied. 
The husband and wife agreed on two wishes - one was for a scratch handicap for the husband, to 
which the wife readily agreed. The other was for an income of $1,000,000 per year forever. 
The genie nodded his head and said, "Done!" 
The genie now said, "For my wish, I would like to have my way with your wife. I have not been 
with a woman for many years, and after all, I made you a scratch golfer and a millionaire." 
The husband and wife agreed. 
After the genie and wife were finished, the genie asked the wife, "How long have you been 
married?" 
To which she responded, "Three years." 
The genie then asked, "How old is your husband?" 
To which she replied, "31 years old" 
And the genie said, "And how long has he believed in this genie crap?"
