
Subject: Letter to a sardar from his Mom.

Dear Gurmeet,

I am in a well here and hoping you in the same well there.

I'm writing this letter slowly, because I know you cannot read fast.

We don't live where we did when you left home.Your dad read in 
the newspaper that most accidents happen 20 miles from home, 
so we moved 20 miles.

I wont be able to send the address as the last Sardar who stayed 
here took the house numbers with them for their new house so they 
wouldn t have to change their address. Hopefully by next week we 
will be able to take our earlier address Plate here, so that our
address will remain same too.

This place is really nice.It even has a washing machine,situated 
right above the commode. I m not sure it works too well. Last week 
I put in 3 shirts, pulled the chain and havent seen them since.

The weather here isn't too bad. It rained only twice last week. 
The first time it rained for 3 days and second time for 4 days.

The coat you wanted me to send you, your Aunt said it would be a 
little too heavy to send in the mail with all the metal buttons, 
so we cut them off and put them in the pocket.

Your father has another job. He has 500 men under him.
He is cutting The grass at the cemetery.

By the way I took bahu to our club's poolside.The manager is badmash. 
He told her that two piece swimming suit is not allowed in this club.
We were confused as to which piece should we remove?

Your sister had a baby this morning.I haven't found out whether it is a 
girl or a boy, so I don't know whether you are an Aunt or Uncle.

Your uncle, Jetinder fell in a the nearby well. Some men tried to pull 
him out, but he fought them off bravely and drowned.We cremated him and 
he burned for three days.

Your best friend, Balwinder, is no more. He died trying to fulfil his 
fathers last wishes. His father had wished to be buried in the sea after 
he died. And your friend died while in the process of digging a grave for 
his father.

There isn't much more news this time. Nothing much has happened.

Love
Mom.

P.S : Beta, I was going to send you some money but by
the time I realized,I had already sealed off this
letter.