TECH SUPPORT  

Just in case you think you are TC (technologically challenged).
 The following is an excerpt taken from a Wall Street Journal article:

1.Compaq is considering changing the command "Press Any Key" to "Press Return Key"
	because of the flood of calls asking where the "Any" key is.

2.AST technical support had a caller complaining that her mouse was hard to control with 
	the dust cover on. The cover turned out to be the plastic bag the mouse was packaged in

3.Another Compaq technician received a call from a man complaining that the system wouldn't
	read word processing files from his old diskettes.After trouble-shooting for magnets and
	heat failed to diagnose the problem, it was found that the customer had labeled the
 	diskettes, then rolled them into the typewriter to type the labels.

4.Another AST customer was asked to send a copy of her defective diskettes. A few days later
	a letter arrived from the customer along with photocopies of the floppies.

5.A Dell technician advised his customer to put his troubled floppy back in the drive and
	close the door. The customer asked the tech to hold on, and was heard putting the phone
	down, getting up and crossing the room to close the door to his room.

6.Another Dell customer called to say he couldn't get his computer to fax anything. After
	40 minutes of trouble-shooting, the technician discovered the man was trying to fax a
	piece of paper by holding it in front of the monitor screen and hitting the "send" key

7.Yet another Dell customer called to complain that his keyboard no longer worked. He had
	cleaned it by filling up his tub with soap and water and soaking the keyboard for a
	day, then removing all the keys and washing them individually.

8.A Dell technician received a call from a customer who was enraged because his computer had
	told him he was "bad and an invalid". The tech explained that the computer's
	"bad command" and "invalid" responses shouldn't be taken personally.

9.A confused caller to IBM was having troubles printing documents. He told the technician that
the computer had said it "couldn't find printer". The user had also tried turning the computer
screen to face the printer - but that his computer still couldn't "see" the printer.

10.An exasperated caller to Dell Computer Tech Support couldn't get her new Dell Computer to
	turn on. After ensuring the computer was plugged in, the technician asked her what
happened when she pushed the power button. Her response, "I pushed and pushed on this foot
pedal and nothing happens." The "foot pedal" turned out to be the computer's mouse.

11.Another customer called Compaq tech support to say her brand-new computer wouldn't  work.
	She said she unpacked the unit, plugged it in and sat there for 20 minutes waiting for
	something to happen. When asked what happened when she pressed the power switch, she
	asked "What power switch?"

12.True story from a Novell NetWire SysOp:

Caller: "Hello, is this Tech Support?"
Tech  : "Yes, it is. How may I help you?"
Caller: "The cup holder on my PC is broken and I am within my warranty period. How do I go 
		about getting that fixed?"
Tech  : "I'm sorry, but did you say a cup holder?"
Caller: "Yes, it's attached to the front of my computer."
Tech  : "Please excuse me if I seem a bit stumped, It's because I am. Did you receive this as
		part of a promotional, at a trade show? How did you get this cup holder?
		Does it have any trademark on it?"
Caller: "It came with my computer, I don't know anything about a promotional. It just has '4X'
		on it." At this point the Tech Rep had to mute the caller, because he couldn't
		stand it. He was laughing too hard. The caller had been using the load drawer
		of the CD-ROM drive as a cup holder, and snapped it off the drive!

13.Another IBM customer had troubles installing software and rang for support. "I put in the
	first disk, and that was OK. It said to put in the second disk, and had some problems
	with the disk. When it said to put in the third disk - I couldn't even fit it in..."
	The user hadn't realized that "Insert Disk 2" meant to remove Disk 1 first.

14.In a similar incident, a customer had followed the instructions for installing software. The
	instructions said to remove the disk from it's cover and insert into the drive.The user
	had physically removed the casing of the disk and wondered why there were problems.

    As Ripley would say, believe it or not!
